[Code LLama] add section on vscode extension (#1429)
huggingface/blog: codellama.md

You can learn more on how to [Deploy LLMs with Hugging Face Inference Endpoints in our blog](https://huggingface.co/blog/inference-endpoints-llm). The [blog](https://huggingface.co/blog/inference-endpoints-llm) includes information about supported hyperparameters and how to stream your response using Python and Javascript.

### Using VS Code extension

> [HF Code Autocomplete](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=HuggingFace.huggingface-vscode) is a VS Code extension for testing open source code completion models. The extension was developed as part of [StarCode project](/blog/starcoder#tools--demos), and was updated to support [codellama/CodeLlama-13b-hf](/codellama/CodeLlama-13b-hf). Find more [here](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface-vscode#code-llama) on how to install and run the extension with Code Llama. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[HF Code Autocomplete](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=HuggingFace.huggingface-vscode) is a VS Code extension for testing open source code completion models. The extension was developed as part of [StarCoder project](/blog/starcoder#tools--demos) and was updated to support the medium-sized base model, [Code Llama 13B](https://huggingface.co/codellama/CodeLlama-13b-hf). Find more [here](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface-vscode#code-llama) on how to install and run the extension with Code Llama. 
```

> [HF Code Autocomplete](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=HuggingFace.huggingface-vscode) is a VS Code extension for testing open source code completion models. The extension was developed as part of [StarCoder project](/blog/starcoder#tools--demos) and was updated to support the medium-sized base model, [Code Llama 13B](https://huggingface.co/codellama/CodeLlama-13b-hf). Find more [here](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface-vscode#code-llama) on how to install and run the extension with Code Llama. 

Author: ```suggestion
[HF Code Autocomplete](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=HuggingFace.huggingface-vscode) is a VS Code extension for testing open source code completion models. The extension was developed as part of [StarCoder project](/blog/starcoder#tools--demos) and was updated to support the medium-sized base model, [Code Llama 13B](/codellama/CodeLlama-13b-hf). Find more [here](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface-vscode#code-llama) on how to install and run the extension with Code Llama. 
```
